Soccer is played by following a series of rules, officially called the rules of the game. This sport is practiced with a spherical ball (made of leather or other material with a circumference not greater than 70 cm and not less than 68 cm, and a weight of not more than 450 g and not less than 410 g at the beginning of the match), where two teams of eleven players each (ten "field" players and a goalkeeper) compete to fit the same in the rival goal, thus scoring a goal. The team that has scored the most goals at the end of the match is the winner; If both teams do not score, or score the same number of goals, then a draw is declared. There may be exceptions to this rule; see Duration and result below.

The main rule is that players, except goalkeepers, may not intentionally touch the ball with their arms or hands during play, although they must use their hands for throw-ins.

In a typical game, players try to get the ball to the opponent's goal, which is called a goal, through individual control of it, known as dribbling, or passes to teammates or shots to the goal, which is protected by a goalkeeper. Opposing players attempt to regain control of the ball by intercepting passes or taking the ball away from the player carrying it; however, physical contact is limited. Play in soccer flows freely, stopping only when the ball leaves the field of play or when the referee decides that it should be stopped. After each pause, the game is restarted with a specific move. At the end of the match, the referee compensates the total time in minutes that the game was suspended at different times.

On a professional level, in most matches only a few goals are scored. For example, during the 2006/07 season of the Spanish First Division, the Spanish soccer league, an average of 2.48 goals was scored per game.7

The rules do not specify any other position of the players apart from that of the goalkeeper, goalkeeper or goalkeeper, but with the passage of time a number of positions have developed in the rest of the field. Broadly speaking, three main categories are identified: forwards, whose main task is to score goals; the defenders or defenders, located near their goal, who try to stop the rival forwards; and the midfielders, midfielders or flyers, who handle the ball between the previous positions. These players are known as field players, to differentiate them from the goalkeeper. In turn, these positions are subdivided into the sides of the field where the players play most of the time. Thus, for example, there may be right, central (containment) and left midfielders. The ten outfield players can be arranged in any combination. For example, there may be four defenders, four midfielders and two forwards (4-4-2); o three defenders, four midfielders and three forwards (3-4-3), and the number of players in each position determines the style of play of the team: more forwards and fewer defenders (for example 3-3-4) will create a game more aggressive and offensive, while the opposite (for example 5-3-2) will generate a slower and more defensive game. Although players tend to stay most of the time in one position, there are few restrictions on their movement on the field. The outline of the players on the field of play is called the team formation, and this, along with the tactics, is the job of the coach.
Tactical position of the players
Goalkeeper, goalkeeper or goalkeeper
Main article: Goalkeeper (soccer)

The goalkeeper, also known as a goalkeeper, goalkeeper or goalkeeper, is the player whose main objective is to prevent the ball from entering its goal during the game, an act known as a goal. The goalkeeper is the only player who can touch the ball with his hands during active play, but only within his own area. Each team must have only one goalkeeper in their line-up. In the event that the player must leave the field of play for any reason, he must be replaced by another player, either one who is playing or a substitute. These types of players must wear different clothing than their teammates, their rivals (including the goalkeeper) and the refereeing body. They usually wear the number 1 stamped on the shirt.
Defending
Main article: Defense (soccer)

The defender, also known as a defender, is the player located one line in front of the goalkeeper and one behind the midfielders, whose main objective is to stop the opposing team's attacks. Generally this line of players is in an arched form, with some defenders being closer to the goalkeeper than the others. If it is only one player who is located further back, he is called the Libero; if there are two or more, they are called defenders. Defenders posicing on the sides of the field are called laterals or stoppers (in the case of a libero), and due to their placement (closer to the midfielders) they can advance further on the field if they wish. To name them, the zone is added to the word defense: for example, a defender who plays on the right (looking towards the opponent's goal) would be a right back. Also the goalkeeper must protect and give instructions to the defenders.
Midfield player
Main article: Midfielder

The midfielder, midfielder or midfielder is the person who plays in the midfield on a soccer field. Among his functions are those of recovering balls, promoting the creation of plays and exploiting the offensive game. According to these functions we can distinguish: the lane flyers (those who play closer to the touch line); the containment players, who play almost at the same height as the wing backs to contribute to the defense and can be one or two players (the nickname "Five" given to these players is because it is the number they usually carry on the shirt); and those of creation or hitches, which are located between the line of the lanes and forwards (they are the brain of the attack and are characterized by their ability).
Forward
Main article: Forward

A striker or attacker is a player of a soccer team who stands out in the attacking position, the closest to the goal of the rival team, and is therefore the main responsible for scoring goals. It is very important to be on the move and always look for a pass, that is, to stand out so that it is easier for the person who is carrying the ball to pass it. Speed ​​is essential.
Physical activity

Soccer includes a very important physical activity. During a 90-minute professional soccer match, a player, depending on his position and the size of the field, travels between 12 and 15 km.8 9 10 Also during a match with similar characteristics, a soccer player loses around 2 kg of fluids, part of which is recovered during the break time.11 In matches played with high temperatures, the referees have the right to stop the match, usually in the middle of a period, so that the players and the refereeing body is hydrated.12

But at the same time, soccer is one of the sports with the highest number of injuries, 13 although most of them are not serious. The most common injuries occur in the knees and ankles, due to the rotational movements to which they are subjected. Meniscus and cruciate ligament tears along with muscle tears are common injuries in football. The chances of injury increase when the player does not receive adequate physical preparation, particularly in an amateur athlete, and when the game takes place on uneven ground. For professional or semi-professional footballers, the presence of a physical trainer who regulates the type of physical exercise, as well as its duration and regularity, is of vital importance. The work of the physical trainer must be complemented with a correct diet, where the presence of a professional in the field is also recommended.
Reception

Soccer players must be able to control the balls they receive. The easiest way is usually to stop the ball; in this case, the ball should be placed in the ideal position for the next hit. Advanced players can use the first touch to quickly move the ball to where they plan to run. They can also use the first touch to pass the ball. Avoiding the ball instead of receiving it can mislead opposing players.

It is an action widely used during a match, with the aim of receiving the ball, controlling it and putting it at your service to develop a subsequent action in good condition. The reception in stop is one in which the ball is fully controlled at the feet, losing the speed component but increasing the precision in the subsequent handling of the ball.

The half-stop reception is to get the ball to lose part of its initial value. Damping reception is used to control aerial balls, with a downward trajectory, and there is a damping of the acceleration with which the ball arrives.

The control of the ball can be at ground level, either with the inside of the boot, or with the sole of the foot, with the tip pointing up and fitting the ball between the sole and the ground. In high balls, you must get the ball to the ground with the possibility of being played properly.
Happens

To maintain possession of the ball it is essential to have the ability to pass it short between nearby players accurately and on time. Accurate long passes allow for a greater variety of situations and more direct play. Generally, passes that create scoring chances they are called assist, although any player on the field could make this type of play, it is generally an offensive midfielder who does it, it is the usual job of players marked with 10 or 8 on their shirts.
Threw

Players must have a balance when it comes to shooting on goal: neither do it too many times nor stop trying when they have the chance. Shots should be accurate and powerful, although this precision and power is generally not achieved at the same time. Choosing precision or power depends on the situation and the characteristics of the player.

Choosing where to shoot on the goal is a controversial issue and depends on how many players are covering it. When the player faces the goalkeeper alone, the shots should be placed near one of the posts. Ideally, the shot should be aimed at the squad, but it is less difficult and also effective to do it at ground level. When the goalkeeper is too far ahead, a balloon can be attempted.
